we have a few questions where were you
the night Lily bridges disappeared
Lucy this is Lilly Lilly Lucy fly so how
long have you been in Japan three weeks
now too weird no everyone stares at you
it's like being famous
[Music]
some people get addicted to those you
and not normal either are you know
so let's not pretend to me you
photograph everything of course
do you have a boyfriend thank you he's
so cute
cute oh he's gorgeous he's like obsessed
with you
why do you say that I know man she's a
piece of work that one
it's like you'd only one who exists then
she moves on to someone else it's like
you were never even there
what do you say about the future come on
we have something no one knows could
share
don't you know that I do
sitting around I know what I'm feeling
and it's not right at all
you must trust me
hippie already person
Oh
physics something really bad is gonna
happen
you